feat(shell): allow distinguishing between pwsh and powershell (#5478)
starship/starship: docs/config/README.md

| `fish_indicator`       | `'fsh'`                   | A format string used to represent fish.                      |
| `zsh_indicator`        | `'zsh'`                   | A format string used to represent zsh.                       |
| `powershell_indicator` | `'psh'`                   | A format string used to represent powershell.                |

> | `pwsh_indicator`       | `'psh'`                   | A format string used to represent pwsh.                      |

Reviewer: `None` defaults are usually empty in the table, but perhaps add a comment with an explanation. Now that I am thinking about it, setting the default to `$powershell_indicator` instead of `None` should also work in this case.

> | `pwsh_indicator`       | `''`                      | A format string used to represent pwsh.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pwsh_indicator`       |                           | A format string used to represent pwsh. The default value mirrors the value of `powershell_indicator `. |
```

| `style`                | `'white bold'`            | The style for the module.                                    |
| `disabled`             | `true`                    | Disables the `shell` module.                                 |

> `pwsh_indicator` is empty by default and falls back to using `powershell_indicator`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
